chore: update first steps tutorial (#2053)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/tutorials/first_steps/06_create_workflow.rst

    .. code-block:: console

        $ git checkout .
        $ git clean -fd

    Or, if you want to keep your changes, commit with:

    .. code-block:: console

        $ renku save -m "My own changes"

The ``filter_flights.py`` script takes two input parameters: 1. a file to
process as an input 2. a path for storing the output. So to run it, we would
normally execute the following:

.. code-block:: console

>     # Create the output directory

Reviewer: The "copybutton" should be turned off here. That would make it a little harder to accidentally copy/paste this example, which is not the intent.

Author: looks like selectively turning off the copy button is not really possible: https://github.com/executablebooks/sphinx-copybutton/issues/117

Maybe we can just comment those lines? It will look ugly but probably better than people accidentally running those commands

Author: I tried various things and I can't really make it any better without making it a comment (which I think is ugly). So I added another warning just before.

Add a second workflow step
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

We will now use a second script to count the flights in the filtered data file.
As before, we will fast-forward through this step by downloading the solution.

> You can copy over `the interactive notebook

Reviewer: The sentence about the "interactive notebook" is confusing. I think we can remove it.

Author: I agree - I was trying to put in some hint of interactivity but since the code doesn't do anything other than what the scripts are doing it's a bit moot. I've removed it.

<https://renkulab.io/projects/renku-tutorials/renku-tutorial-flights-material/files/blob/notebooks/count_flights.ipynb>`_.
to your project as before if you wish to play with the data interactively. For

> the next step you must download the script from `here
> <https://renkulab.io/projects/renku-tutorials/renku-tutorial-flights-material/files/blob/src/count_flights.py>`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the next step you must download the script from `here
<https://renkulab.io/projects/renku-tutorials/renku-tutorial-flights-material/files/blob/src/count_flights.py>`_, and then drop it into the `src` directory as with the `filter_flights.py` script.
```

.. code-block:: python

    #
    # Usage: python count_flights.py <input-path> <output-path>
    #

    import pandas as pd
    import sys

    # It would be more robust to use argparse or click, but we want this to be simple
    if len(sys.argv) < 3:
        sys.exit("Please invoke with two arguments: input and output paths")

    input_path = sys.argv[1]
    output_path = sys.argv[2]

    # read in the data
    df = pd.read_csv(input_path)

    # determine the number of flights
    flights_count = len(df)

    # save the result
    with open(output_path, 'w') as f:
        f.write(result)

> After downloading the script, make sure you save your work:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After uploading the script to the environment, make sure you save your work:
```
